README.md, before:

# Data Science Project Team 25(MAST90106_2025_SM1)
# Intersectional Data Analysis of Organisational Employee Data to Promote Equity and Inclusion 
# Project Team
Students: Zige Liang, Chao Tang, Hengjin Hou, Xueying Yuan, Yifu Shen  

Supervisors: Ian Gallagher, Joseph Odewole  

Industry Partner: Dr. Arti Agrawal, CEO & Founder, Vividhata Pty Ltd  

# Data Sources
## Provided by Brief  
[WEGA Datasets Dashboard](https://www.wgea.gov.au/Data-Explorer)  
[WEGA Datasets ](https://data.gov.au/dataset/ds-dga-4d35cd80-2538-4705-82f3-d0d18e823d98/details?q=wgea)  
## Own Search  
[Intersectional Data Analysis Guidance](https://www.genderequalitycommission.vic.gov.au/applying-intersectionality/workplace-gender-auditing-and-analysis)  
[ Using Intersectionality to Understand Structural Inequality in Scotland: Evidence Synthesis](
https://www.gov.scot/publications/using-intersectionality-understand-structural-inequality-scotland-evidence-synthesis/pages/6/)  
[The Racialized and Gendered Workplace: Applying an Intersectional Lens to a Field Experiment on Hiring Discrimination in Five European Labor Markets](https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/full/10.1177/0190272520902994)  



## Project Overview
  This project aims to develop and validate a **methodology for intersectional data analysis** to uncover inequities within organizational employee data. By examining the intersections of gender, age, ethnicity, and education, the project supports evidence-based policy-making to foster workplace **equity and inclusion**.
  
## Objectives
 1.Identify which individual or intersecting characteristics contribute to inequity in the workplace.  
 
 2.Analyze organizational impact on:Salary、Career progression (recruitment, retention, advancement)、Working hours and conditions
   Training opportunities、Workplace culture (psychological and physical safety)  
   
 3.Develop synthetic datasets that resemble real-world company data.  
 
 4.Apply and validate the analysis methodology on: Public datasets (e.g. WGEA)、Synthetic datasets  

## Methodology  
**1.Data Analysis**  
Perform intersectional analysis using employee attributes such as:  
•	Gender  
•	Age  
•	Ethnicity (inferred from name/citizenship)  
•	Education level  
•	Evaluate how policies and procedures affect different groups.  

**2.Synthetic Data Generation**  
•	Create datasets mimicking a typical company’s employee information and internal practices.  

**3.Validation**
•	Test the methodology on WGEA and other public datasets.  
•	Apply it to synthetic datasets for generalized insights.

Commit message:

Reconstruct files
Adding ABS raw data,
create files: code, data, script

README.md, after:

# Data Science Project Team 25(MAST90106_2025_SM1)
# Intersectional Data Analysis of Organisational Employee Data to Promote Equity and Inclusion 
# Project Team
Students: Zige Liang, Chao Tang, Hengjin Hou, Xueying Yuan, Yifu Shen  

Supervisors: Ian Gallagher, Joseph Odewole  

Industry Partner: Dr. Arti Agrawal, CEO & Founder, Vividhata Pty Ltd  

# Code Structure
abs_raw_data: Raw data tables from the Australia Bureau of Statistics

code: reader(read in data from ABS), generater(use Baysian Network to generate data), evaluater(compare the average level data to company's generated data)

scripts: run the code

# Data Sources
## Own Search  
[Intersectional Data Analysis Guidance](https://www.genderequalitycommission.vic.gov.au/applying-intersectionality/workplace-gender-auditing-and-analysis)  
[ Using Intersectionality to Understand Structural Inequality in Scotland: Evidence Synthesis](
https://www.gov.scot/publications/using-intersectionality-understand-structural-inequality-scotland-evidence-synthesis/pages/6/)  
[The Racialized and Gendered Workplace: Applying an Intersectional Lens to a Field Experiment on Hiring Discrimination in Five European Labor Markets](https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/full/10.1177/0190272520902994)  



## Project Overview
  This project aims to develop and validate a **methodology for intersectional data analysis** to uncover inequities within organizational employee data. By examining the intersections of gender, age, ethnicity, and education, the project supports evidence-based policy-making to foster workplace **equity and inclusion**.
  
## Objectives
 1.Identify which individual or intersecting characteristics contribute to inequity in the workplace.  
 
 2.Analyze organizational impact on:Salary、Career progression (recruitment, retention, advancement)、Working hours and conditions
   Training opportunities、Workplace culture (psychological and physical safety)  
   
 3.Develop synthetic datasets that resemble real-world company data.  
 
 4.Apply and validate the analysis methodology on: Public datasets (e.g. WGEA)、Synthetic datasets  

## Methodology  
**1.Data Analysis**  
Perform intersectional analysis using employee attributes such as:  
•	Gender  
•	Age  
•	Ethnicity (inferred from name/citizenship)  
•	Education level  
•	Evaluate how policies and procedures affect different groups.  

**2.Synthetic Data Generation**  
•	Create datasets mimicking a typical company’s employee information and internal practices.  

**3.Validation**
•	Test the methodology on WGEA and other public datasets.  
•	Apply it to synthetic datasets for generalized insights.
